Resolve various typos throughout the docs (#654)
huggingface/trl: docs/source/reward_trainer.mdx

## Using the `RewardTrainer`

> After standardizing your dataset, you can use the `RewardTrainer` as a classic HuggingFace Trainer. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After standardizing your dataset, you can use the `RewardTrainer` as a classic Hugging Face Trainer. 
```

Author: Agreed!
